README
gisdata/__init__.py
gisdata.egg-info/PKG-INFO
gisdata.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
gisdata.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
gisdata.egg-info/not-zip-safe
gisdata.egg-info/top_level.txt
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.dbf
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.pdf
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.prj
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.sbn
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.sbx
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.shp
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.shp.xml
gisdata/both/good/sangis.org/Airport/Air_Runways.shx
gisdata/data/bad/grid_without_projection.asc
gisdata/data/bad/points_epsg2249_no_prj.dbf
gisdata/data/bad/points_epsg2249_no_prj.shp
gisdata/data/bad/points_epsg2249_no_prj.shx
gisdata/data/bad/points_wgs84_no_prj.dbf
gisdata/data/bad/points_wgs84_no_prj.shp
gisdata/data/bad/points_wgs84_no_prj.shx
gisdata/data/bad/unsupported_ext.txt
gisdata/data/good/raster/relief_san_andres.tif
gisdata/data/good/raster/relief_san_andres.txt
gisdata/data/good/raster/test_grid.tif
gisdata/data/good/raster/test_grid.txt
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date.dbf
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date.prj
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date.qix
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date.shp
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date.shx
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date_iso_date.dbf
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date_iso_date.prj
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date_iso_date.shp
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_date_iso_date.shx
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_dates_bc.dbf
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_dates_bc.prj
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_dates_bc.shp
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_dates_bc.shx
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_end_date.dbf
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_end_date.prj
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_end_date.shp
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_end_date.shx
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field.dbf
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field.prj
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field.shp
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field.shx
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field2.dbf
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field2.prj
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field2.shp
gisdata/data/good/time/boxes_with_year_field2.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/readme.txt
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_administrative.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_administrative.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_administrative.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_administrative.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_coastline.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_coastline.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_coastline.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_coastline.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_highway.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_highway.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_highway.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_highway.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_location.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_location.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_location.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_location.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_natural.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_natural.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_natural.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_natural.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_poi.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_poi.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_poi.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_poi.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_water.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_water.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_water.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/san_andres_y_providencia_water.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/single_point.dbf
gisdata/data/good/vector/single_point.prj
gisdata/data/good/vector/single_point.shp
gisdata/data/good/vector/single_point.shx
gisdata/data/good/vector/single_point.txt
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/AG_PRESERVE.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/AG_PRESERVE_CONTRACTS.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/Agriculture_Commodity.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/Agriculture_Point_Of_Sale.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/Agriculture_Standards_Devices.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/Agriculture_Trap_Grid.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/Agriculture_Trap_Sub_Grid.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Agriculture/Nursery_Locations.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Business_Enterprise_Zones_SD.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Business_Improvement_Districts_SD.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Business_Metro_Revloan.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Business_Regional_Enterprise_Zones_SD.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Business_Renewal_Community.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Business_SD_Revloan.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Business_Sites.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Construction_Demo_Recycle.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Property_Based_Improvement_Districts.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Business/Recycling_Market_Dev_Zones.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Census/Census_Blockgroup_Income_Edu.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Census/Census_Blockgroup_Pop_Housing.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/Draft_North_County_MSCP_Version_8.0_Categories.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/Environmentally_Sensitive_Areas.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/Forest_Conservation_Init.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/MSCP_CN.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/MSCP_EAST_DRAFT_CN.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/MSCP_Habitrak.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/Vegetation_CN.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Ecology/Water_Quality_Sensitive_Areas_SD.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Facilities/Hospitals.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Facilities/Law_Enforcement_Facilities.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Facilities/Library.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Facilities/Military_Facility.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Facilities/Waste_Facilities.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/FIRESTORM_2007_PERIMETERS.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/FIRE_HISTORY_THRU_2007.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Fire_Battalion_Districts.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Fire_Burn_History.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Fire_Engine_Districts.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Fire_Hazard_Severity_Zones.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Fire_Stations_CN.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Firesafe_Councils.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Firestorm_2007_Assist_Center.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Fire/Firestorm_2007_Damages_CN_All.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Hydrology/Aquifers.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Hydrology/Flood_Panel.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Hydrology/Flood_Plain.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Hydrology/Lakes.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parcels_Lots/Assessor_Book.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parcels_Lots/Landbase_Boundaries.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parcels_Lots/Lots.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parcels_Lots/Parcels.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parcels_Lots/Parcels_East.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parcels_Lots/Parcels_North.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parcels_Lots/Parcels_South.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parks/Parks_Active_Use.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parks/Parks_CN.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Parks/Parks_SD.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Places/Casinos.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Places/Cell_Phone_Towers_INC.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Places/Cell_Phone_Towers_UNINC.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Places/GAS_STATIONS.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Slopes/Slopes_1992.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Slopes/Slopes_1999.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Slopes/Slopes_CN.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Subdivision/Subdivision.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Subdivision/Subdivision_Line.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Topo/Topo_1992_2Ft.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Topo/Topo_1992_5Ft.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Topo/Topo_1999_2_North.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Topo/Topo_1999_2_South.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Topo/Topo_1999_5.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/sangis.org/Topo/Topo_20Ft.shp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIERA.EDGAR-HTAP.so2.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.OMI_NO2.NO2.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.OMI_NO2.NO2Trop.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.OMI_O3.CloudFraction.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.OMI_O3.O3.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.88304.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.AGf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ALf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ASf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.BAf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.BRf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CAf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CDf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CHLf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CLf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CM_calculated.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.COf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CRf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CSf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.CUf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.EC1f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.EC2f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.EC3f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ECf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ECf_NIOSH.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.FEf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.HGf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.Hf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.Kf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.MF.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.MGf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.MNf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.MOf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.MT.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.N2f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.NAf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.NH4f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.NIf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.NO3f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OC1f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OC2f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OC3f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OC4f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OCf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OCf_NIOSH.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OMC1.8.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OMCf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.OPf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.PBf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.Pf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.RCFM.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.SEf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.SIf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.SO4f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.SOILf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.SRf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.SeaSalt.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.Sf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.TIf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.Vf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ZNf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ZRf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ammNO3f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.ammSO4f.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.dv.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.fabs.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.nv_nitrate.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.v_nitrate.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/CIRA.VIEWS.wolf.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_bc_hydrophilic.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_bc_hydrophobic.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_dust1.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_dust2.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_dust3.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_oc_hydrophilic.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_oc_hydrophobic.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_seasalt1.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_seasalt2.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_seasalt3.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.mmr_sulfaer.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.ps.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.temp.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_bigalk.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_bigene.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_c2h6.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_ch2o.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_ch3cho.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_ch4.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_co.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_hno3.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_ho2no2.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_isop.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_n2o.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_no.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_no2.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_o3.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_pan.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_so2.xml
gisdata/metadata/good/wustl.edu/FZ Juelich.MACC.vmr_toluene.xml